"""
@Kai
"""

ATTEMPT:
FAIL:
  I tried to use RNN to do the task, however, due the unfamiliarity toward
  the technology, the result seems really odd. I am sure that something
  went wrong during the backprogration since the accuracy didn't raise much even
  with 50 batch size and 100 epochs, which means the weights of the neruon weren't
  updated.
  In the task, we tried to use kersa due to it's simplicity, however, we were
  treating it as a blackbox. A lot of the progresses were handle within the
  blackbox and it's hard to debug where was wrong. If there is an other chance,
  I would try implementing with TensorFlow instead so I can clearly see how
  the progress works and have a better grasp on it.

SUCCESS:
  We also implemented Regression model to our data, and we have a nice result of it.
  ANALYSIS
    1. R-squared
    The result of R-squard is 0.9915 in our regression model. R-squared (R^2) is a statistical
    measure that represents the proportion of the variance for a dependent variable
    that's explained by an independent variable or variables in a regression model.
    The higher R^2 is, then the greater portion of observed variation can be explained
    by the model's inputs. In our case, nearly 100% of our observed variation(Signal)
    , the movement of it, can be explained by the model's input (Price) .

    2. Mean Squared Error
    The result of Mean Squared Error is 3.724 in our regression model. It supposes
    to show the distance between our predicted and test values. However, the
    mean Squared Error of our result is really small. It means the predicted result
    for signal is almost as same as the test values. 3.724 means that the difference
    between predicted values and actual values are averagely 3.8

    3. Coefficient and Intercept
    The coefficient value is 40.62 which means the mean of the dependent variable,
    price, have a 40.62 positive shift in the independent variable, signal.
    y=a+bx where a is our Intercept and b is our Coefficient. In our cases,
    y = 1.89742821 + 40.61966788x, a unit increase in x(Singal) results in an
    increase in average y(Price) by rougly 41 units.
